music means a whole lot of expression
self-expression and otherwise and what
you see in the world around you I'm
mainly self-taught I picked the
instrument up on my own I managed to buy
my first piece from the money that my
mom gave me to buy a modem actually and
I just took that money now I take it
around quite a bit for most of my
sessions sometimes even for the live
gigs and I know there's no other
reliable I am surrounded so it's a very
reliable I'm the EBS it's extremely
transparent it's got a good low-end it's
got a sweet bubble mid-range books all
the way to the top you can use it on
sessions if you want a really really
punchy desired sound that you're looking
at you want to color it whichever way
you want it can deliver that so I'm
quite impressed with
the way I like to use it usually is I'll
use like let's say 1 cap running one
12-inch speaker if I'm doing a session
where really require the focused
mid-range kind of sound and if using
another club or playing alive like then
I'll put in another cabinet so that you
can actually feel the whole frequency
response
you're surely it's been a great journey
so far
play music ping bass playing with the
whole of phenomenal musicians your land
as well I'm happy that I chose to do
this it's once in the life level you
make a choice make this career choice
and I'm happy that I made this choice